README: Update the CockroachDB chart installation steps. (#490)
cockroachdb/helm-charts: operator/README.md

### Install CockroachDB

> - Modify the enabled flag under `operator` section to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `operator.enabled` to `true` in [`cockroachdb/values.yaml`](/cockroachdb/values.yaml).
```

```

>     operator:
>       enabled: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operator:
  enabled: true
```
